docs twister: Mention the env filter (#70607)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/test/twister.rst

    power-efficient but slow CPU or simulation platform which can perform instruction accurate
    simulation but does it slowly.

env:
  A list of environment variables. Twister will check if all these environment variables are set,
  and otherwise skip this platform. This allows the user to define a platform which should be

>   used, for ex., only if some required SW or HW is present, and to signal that presence to twister

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  used, e.g., only if some required SW or HW is present, and to signal that presence to twister
```
I don't think "for ex." is correct.

Reviewer 2: agree

>   used, for ex., only if some required SW or HW is present, and to signal that presence to twister

Reviewer 2: also, s/SW/Software and s/HW/Hardware....
